{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2319365\rsid6239046\rsid9918538}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.8026;}{\info{\title By The WAY #1}{\author TWC}{\operator vhamsgburgej}
{\creatim\yr2006\mo7\dy22\hr17\min2}{\revtim\yr2006\mo7\dy22\hr17\min2}{\version2}{\edmins7}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords2318}{\nofchars13218}{\nofcharsws15505}{\vern24609}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl }
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0
\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind5\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot6239046 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs32\insrsid9918538 By the WAY #5}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs32\insrsid9918538 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 
\par by W. Andrew York
\par (wandrew88 of gmail.com)
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs24\insrsid9918538 Commentary}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 \tab First off, I\rquote m actually going to take a vacation this summer. So, I\rquote 
ll be out of Email contact for 5-7 days at the end of July/beginning of August. So, if you send in game orders, commentary or other submissions for the subzine, there may be a delay in acknowledging yo
ur contribution. I expect to be back by August 3rd (at the latest) and should be able to respond by the 4th. So, if you\rquote ve sent something in and haven\rquote t heard back from me by noon that Friday, please resend your Email.
\par \tab As for my vacation, I\rquote ve been in Texas since 1984 and haven\rquote t ever spent time on the Gulf coast (nearing half my life in my adopted state - that\rquote ll happen in roughly a year and a half). So, I\rquote 
m going to spend up around a week in the Corpus Christi/South Padre area. I plan to see the USS Lexington and the USS Texas, the San Jacinto Battlefield, the Texas State Aquarium and maybe take a dolphin tour. I\rquote 
m certainly looking forward to the time away from work, Email and phone. I\rquote ll even leave the pager behind!
\par \tab On the work front, I\rquote m in a new position. The unit I was manager of was RIF\rquote 
d at the end of April (yep, including me!). Five of the slots were reclassified to create an Agency computer security unit (this is for the Texas Workforce Commission) and I was fortunate to move into the \'93IT Compliance/Risk Assessment Analyst\'94
 position at the beginning of May. Since then, I\rquote ve been busy with the hiring process for the remaining four positions. It has been a lot of work establishing the new unit and, for me, shifting into a new role. So, I\rquote m really lo
oking forward to a couple of weeks away from work and taking the time to enjoy a relaxed life.
\par \tab \tab =================================================
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 Feature: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 Well, I was going to write about jury duty, having been called for the third time in the past year 
and, for the first time, actually needing to show up.  But, the story is extremely short so there isn\rquote t much to say or comment on.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 After the 500 odd of us showed up bright and early Monday morning, the clerk started the day by holding up various items left
 at the metal detector and giving them back to various individuals. One item did remain unclaimed \endash 
 a set of car keys. So, the clerk commented that the person could get the keys later when they were ready to go home. Then, from the back of the jury room, someone called \'93what kind of car should we ask for?\'94
 It was a good laugh to get things started.
\par Next, they announced that half of the cases scheduled for trial  had settled or pled that morning, so they released half of the jury pool including me. They did 
say, if you wanted your $3 (or was it $5) check for jury duty, you had the option of waiting about an hour while they did the preliminary processing. Otherwise, you were free to leave. So, as it was my day off work, I headed back home for a free day, havi
ng completed all of my normal chores for the day the day before. 
\par All in all, even if the experience was for a limited time, I was pleased to see the number of folks showing up. The room was full, so there couldn\rquote t have been many no shows. The Williamson Co
unty staff in Georgetown was professional, very pleasant and helpful which set the mood in the group of respect within a relaxed community. I didn\rquote t hear any gruff words, complaining or other disaffection \endash 
 just a group of citizens performing their duty to their fellow citizens.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 
\par \tab \tab =================================================
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 Review}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 : \'93Clerks II\'94
, directed by Kevin Smith. I was fortunate to attend the Regional Premiere at the Paramount Theater here in Austin. Kevin Smith was in attendance and did an intro to the movie (something about the negative effect of \'93Jersey Girl\'94
 and Bennifer). After the movie, he spent over two hours doing a Q&A with the audience, a give-away and a charity auction (Elias\rquote s Mooby apron went for $750). His insight into the movie 
making business, the behind the scenes stories about the filming and when he turned bright red and commented \'93I didn\rquote t see that coming\'94 made the price of admission well worth it. If you want more details on that, go to }{\field{\*\fldinst {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 ref  HYPERLINK "http://www.aintitcool.com" }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6239046 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000017000000130000007700770077002e00610069006e0074006900740063006f006f006c002e0063006f006d000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b3600000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e00610069006e0074006900740063006f006f00
6c002e0063006f006d002f00000000652e6c73740067616d65706c61792e6c737400}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\ul\cf2\insrsid9918538 www.aintitcool.com}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  and search for \'93Kevin Smith Vs. Crip Boy\'94
 (it was the second entry when I run it without quotes). Harry was there and chronicled most of the exchange.
\par \tab The movie is much as you\rquote d expect from Smith\rquote s films. This definitely is a sequel to \'93Clerks\'94, drawing on many of the same themes (updated after 10 years) with a strong commentary on today\rquote 
s society, growing up and personal responsibility. Yes, the language is sometimes crude, offensive and not politically correct, with a heavy sprinkling of sexual context (both in the movie and in person). Recommended if you like Smith\rquote 
s Askew universe or are open to critical commentary of a facet of American society.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 Observation:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  Air Conditioning - this summer, for the second time, I\rquote ve decided 
to skip air conditioning at my apartment. For many years, long ago, people have lived in Texas without air conditioning. So, I thought, why should I pay triple or more electric bills just for AC. So far, no serious problems - I spend lots of time sunning 
at the complex pool (mostly in the water, while reading books), close up the apartment while I\rquote m at work (so the cool nightly air remains inside) and use fans as needed. I figure I\rquote 
ll save over $750 over the summer - more than paying for my vacation with little inconvenience. The only difficulty? Going into stores and restaurants that keep things super cool - it is very CHILLY if you\rquote re used to the heat!
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 Playlist for this issue}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 : Big Brother 7 (All Stars), Styx (Classics, Volume 15), Starsailor (Love is Here), 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 Ad Hoc Troubador (Cruising the Mayan Coast)
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 Coming up Next Time}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 : Trip highlights and some Texas History.
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538      ===========================}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 GAME SECTION}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid9918538 ===========================
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 
\par On TAP:
\par 
\par \tab By Popular Demand (Join Now! Open to Anyone at Any Time!)
\par \tab Let me know what else you\rquote re interested in seeing here.......(sorry, we\rquote re out of Shiner).
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 =======================================
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs24\insrsid9918538 BY POPULAR DEMAND}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\insrsid9918538 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 
\par The goal is to pick something that fits the category and will be the "most popular" answer. You score po
ints based on the number of entries that match yours. For example, if the category is "Cats" and the responses were 7 for Persian, 3 for Calico and 1 for Siamese, everyone who said Persian would get 7 points, Calico 3 and the lone Siamese would score 1 po
i
nt. The cumulative total over 10 rounds will determine the overall winner. Anyone may enter at any point, starting with an equivalent point total of the lowest cumulative score from the previous round. If a person misses a round, they'll receive the minim
um score from the round added to their cumulative total. And, if you want to submit some commentary with your answers, feel free to.
\par NOTE: I always acknowledge an Email submission. If you've sent something in and don't hear back from me after a couple of days, send again or check with Jim. I let him know if I expect to be away from the computer for any extended period of time.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 
\par Round Four Category \endash  County Fairs}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 Round Four Results}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 :
\par 
\par 01) Best Midway Ride: F Wheel 4, Roller Coaster 3, Merry-Go-Round/Carousel 2\tab 
\par 02) Common Food Eaten: Cotton Candy 5, Pie 1, Hot Dogs 1, Corn Dog 1, Hamburger 1
\par 03) Type of Competition: Stock/Best Animal 2, Tractor Pull 2, Shooting Gallery 1, Pie Eating 1, 
\par \tab Horseshoes 1, Ring Toss 1, Racing 1
\par 04) Common Evening Entertainment: Dancing (Square/Line Dance, Hoedown) 4, Music (Singing Group,
\par \tab Live Band in the Beer Garden/Country & Western Band) 3, Fireworks 1, Movies 1
\par 05) Best Midway Attraction (that isn\rquote t a ride): Shooting Gallery 2, Livestock 1, Game Booths 1, 
\par \tab Kissing Booth 1, Balloon Pop 1, Bearded Fat Lady 1, Cotton Candy 1, Funhouse 1
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 
\par Individual Scores}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 :
\par 
\par 01) Jamie McQuinn: \tab R Coaster, Hamburger, Racing, Movies, Cotton Candy\tab = 68 +   7 = 75
\par 02) Nathan Simmons: \tab F Wheel, Cot Candy, Ring Toss, Hoedown, Bearded Lady\tab = 59 + 15 = 74
\par 03) Edi Birsan: \tab \tab R Coaster, Hot Dogs, Best Animal, Square Dance, Kiss Booth\tab = 62 + 11 = 73
\par 04) Doug Kent: \tab \tab F Wheel, Corn Dog, Tractor Pull, Square Dance, Game Booth\tab = 56 + 12 = 68
\par 05) Jim Burgess:\tab \tab R Coaster, Cot Candy, Tractor Pull, C&W Band, Funhouse\tab = 50 + 14 = 64
\par 06) Steve Koehler: \tab MerryGoRound, Cot Candy, Shoot Gallery, Fworks, Lstock\tab = 49 + 10 = 59
\par 07) Brendan Whyte:\tab Carousel, Pie, Pie Eating, Line Dancing, Shoot Gallery \tab = 48 + 10 = 58
\par       Tom Howell: \tab \tab F Wheel, Cot Candy, Stock, Singing Group, Shoot Gallery\tab = 42 + 16 = 58
\par 09) Christopher Janik: \tab [No Entry Received]\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab = 49 +   7 = 56
\par 10) Fred Davis: \tab \tab [No Entry Received]\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab = 44 +   7 = 51
\par 11) Marc Ellinger\tab \tab F Wheel, Cot Candy, Horseshoes, Live Band, Balloon Pop\tab = 35 + 14 = 49
\par 12) Kevin Wilson: \tab [No Entry Received]\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab = 32 +   7 = 39
\par 
\par Best possible score: 17. Best score achieved: 16 by }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 Tom}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 !
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 WAY\rquote s Commentary:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 
\par 
\par 01) Best Midway Ride: I\rquote d have chosen a tilt-a-whirl, but Ferris Wheels, Roller Coasters and Carousel are 
\par \tab classics at just about every\tab  fair I\rquote ve been to \endash  nothing like an all access wrist band (or lengthy 
\par \tab strip of tickets) and a cool breeze in the later afternoon/early evening as the lights come on, the 
\par \tab sun goes down and you\rquote re with a bunch of friends.
\par 02) Common Food Eaten: Corn dog is the Texas staple (especially at the Texas State Fair). However, 
\par \tab Cotton Candy is tasty choice.
\par 03) Type of Competition: I would have picked Livestock or \'93biggest\'94 produce item of local interest. They 
\par \tab seem to get the press, rather than the some of the other things. Now, if I\rquote d have thought of \'93Stand 
\par \tab By Me\'94, pie eating would definitely have been at the top of the list. On the other hand, fair 
\par \tab \'93Queen\'94 competition usually takes place during the weeks before the fair.
\par 04) Common Evening Entertainment: Back in Michigan, I don\rquote t remember much about evening 
\par \tab entertainment. Here in Texas, it is the music headliners that are the draws. (which may have some 
\par \tab dancing, if there is room). 
\par 05) Best Midway Attraction (that isn\rquote t a ride): This would have been difficult for me, as it was for the
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 players, as there are so many choices. I might have gone with the water balloon races or maybe the 
\par lucky duck pond draw. But, in the end, where else can you spend $15 to win a $3 plush toy?
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 Player Commentary: 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 01) Best Midway Ride: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Brendan]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  Carousel - in keeping with the rogers and hammerstein theme of \lquote state 

\par \tab fair\rquote . }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Edi]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  Everyone knows this should be a roller coaster... but what do country folk know about 
\par \tab Roller Coasters... I\rquote m betting that nobody else knows and that they will say Roller Coaster anyway 
\par \tab because they have good taste. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Marc]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  I almost went with the Tilt-a-whirl, but I don't know if that 
\par \tab is common at all county fairs (it is around here). This is a timely question since our county fair 
\par \tab starts on July 24 (only a few days from today).  The Ferris Wheel is the epitome of a fair and 
\par \tab seems to be at every fair I've ever visited. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Jim-Bob]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  For me, give me a classic roller coaster ride 
\par \tab rather than these \'93bigger, taller, faster\'94 monstrosities that they trumpet now. This seems a no 
\par \tab brainer for a win.
\par 02) Common Food Eaten: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Edi]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  tempted to say baked mosquito eyes... but it has to be hot dogs. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Marc]}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  
\par \tab This is brutal, there are so many worthy choices: corndogs, hot dogs, popcorn, candy apples, 
\par \tab funnel cakes, the list is endless. But of them all, cotton candy reminds me most of the fair, seeing 
\par \tab them take the cardboard tube and run it around the center of the blown sugar, now that says "fair" 
\par \tab to me (and "more business" to my dentist.). }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Jim-Bob]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  Is there anything that says \'93Fair Food\'94 
\par \tab more than cotton candy?
\par 03) Type of Competition: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Edi]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  animal thingees things is what gives it its county name... though there is 
\par \tab probably pie eating but I will go with Best of Animal type disgusting stuff.... }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Marc]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  If you don't 
\par \tab have machinery and too much time on your hands, then the horseshoe contest is the tops.  I didn't 
\par \tab spend $30K last year modifying my lawnmower to pull sleds of weight and I don't have a 1967 
\par \tab Impala for the demolition derby.  Now the latter sounds like fun but the former seems to be a bit 
\par \tab idiotic; but that is the heart of the county fair. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Jim-Bob]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  That\rquote s real competition (Tractor Pull), I 
\par \tab don\rquote t think 4H or animal beauty contest type things should count.
\par 04) Common Evening Entertainment: }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Brendan]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  line dancing....yeeha! Oh my achy breaky heart! }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Edi]}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi720\li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 pulling straw out of your backside? well let\rquote s go with something \lquote country\rquote  like Square dancing.... 
\par ((Every wonder what country folk have against circles... other than in their crops that is...?)) 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Marc]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  Now those are words to live by. Nothing beats the combination of 100 degrees, 90% 
\par humidity, cheap beer, 1970's music, more cheap beer, 1980's music, more cheap beer, 1950's 
\par country music, more cheap beer and then hop in your car to go home. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Jim-Bob]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  That\rquote s the classic 
\par (Country Western Band), could also be Bluegrass, we might have a problem of interpretation here.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 05) Best Midway Attraction (that isn\rquote t a ride): }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Brendan]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  shooting gallery? gotta have something to keep 
\par \tab the druggies amused! }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Edi]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  the kissing booth... ((unless of course it is the San Francisco County 
\par \tab Fair in which case it is the leather and Spanking display.... not kidding here....)) }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Marc]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  This is an 
\par \tab oxymoron... \'93Best Midway Attraction\'94 is impossible, they\rquote re all tacky or rigged or both. If any of 
\par \tab you really liike these things, send me all your money and if you win, I\rquote ll send you back a stuffed 
\par \tab animal for your date. Come to think of it, you won\rquote t win, so just send me all your money and I\rquote ll 
\par \tab buy a stuffed animal for my date!!  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Jim-Bob]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  Funhouse Mirrors - again, that\rquote s the classic one.
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 General Player Commentary:
\par 
\par [Tom]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  With my current position, perhaps I should be playing for lowest scorer. Might be rough getting 
\par \tab below Kevin, however..... :(
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Brendan]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  I have no idea what \lquote midway\rquote  is except an island in the pacific! Perhaps less culturally-specific 
\par \tab questions would assist us foreigners? ;-)   oh i\rquote m going to score badly here..... }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [WAY]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  A midway is 
\par \tab an entertainment/food/huckster area that is part of fairs, traveling carnivals, circuses and such. They 
\par \tab include food booths, sales of souvenirs, games of chance (\'93traditionally\'94 rigged), skill-based 
\par \tab amusements (again, \'93traditionally\'94 rigged), barkers and various rides. 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [Edi]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  Country FAIRS... I am a New York City guy... are you sure you do not mean county Fares... who 
\par \tab goes to those rural displays of smelly animals anyway...? Geeez. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 [WAY]}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  Well, I went to County 
\par \tab Fairs a few times while growing up (Ingham County in Michigan). I recall, at one, they had a 
\par \tab student projects area (4H, Boy Scout?) and one of the displays had a massive East Front game 
\par \tab (this was pre-DNO/Europa) that grabbed my attention (go figure...). Here in Texas, I\rquote ve been to 
\par \tab the Texas State Fair and did wander with my friends through a few of the animal pens. Along 
\par \tab those same lines, last month a couple of friends and I went to the annual Luling Watermelon 
\par \tab Thump. We had great BBQ, fresh squeezed lemonade, listened to country bands, walked the 
\par \tab midway and enjoyed the hospitality of the town.
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 Round Five Category \endash  Summer Holiday}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538 01) Vacation Destination
\par 02) Length of Vacation
\par 03) Best Weekend Getaway Destination
\par 04) Mode of Travel
\par 05) Common Vacation Chore Around The House
\par 
\par Submit Email entries to wandrew88 of gmail.com or by mail to W Andrew York; POB 201117; Austin TX  78720-1117
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\insrsid9918538 Deadline is: August 5, 2006}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9918538  at high noon Central Time
\par }}