{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f76\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f77\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f79\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f80\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f81\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f82\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f83\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\sl242\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx8202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Body Text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\sl237\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx10855\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 Body Text 2;}}{\info{\author James Burgess}{\operator James Burgess}{\creatim\yr2004\mo7\dy5\hr12\min48}{\revtim\yr2004\mo7\dy5\hr14\min2}{\version7}{\edmins74}
{\nofpages6}{\nofwords2342}{\nofchars13353}{\*\company Managedment Science Group}{\nofcharsws16398}{\vern8203}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0{\*\docvar {ColorPos}{-1}}{\*\docvar {ColorSet}{-1}}{\*\docvar {StylePos}{-1}}{\*\docvar {StyleSet}{-1}}\sectd \pgnrestart\linex0\footery864\sectdefaultcl {\header 
\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\kerning0 
\par 
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\kerning0 
\par 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc \li90\ri0\sl153\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx8202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin90\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs28 LETTER FROM FRED C. DAVIS, JR.
\par }\pard \ql \li90\ri0\sl153\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx8202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin90\itap0 {\b\fs24 
\par The Following is a letter from Fred C. Davis, Jr. which includes several ideas for }{\b\i\fs24 Diplomacy World}{\b\fs24 .  I have decided to write this up as a special report by making notes to his comments within his letter.  The Editor\rquote s commen
ts will be prefaced with the words, Editor\rquote s Note:  and will be italicized to separate my comments from Davis\rquote  comments.  }{\i\fs24 ((And the Associate Editor\rquote 
s Comments, Jim Burgess will be in unbolded italicized additional comments enclosed in double quotes like this))}{\b\fs24  In some instances I will be asking for comments from the readership on the comments as well.  So, here we go.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl153\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx8202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 
\par }\pard \ql \li90\ri0\sl153\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx8202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin90\itap0 {\b\fs24                                                                                                   Fred C. Davis, Jr. 
\par                                                                                                   3210-K Wheaton Way
\par }\pard \ql \li90\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx8202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin90\itap0 {\b\fs24                                                                                                  Ellicott City, MI) 21043
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-8117\li8207\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx8202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin8207\itap0 {\b\fs24                                                                                                  June 22, 2001
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx8202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 Jim Burgess                                            Tim R. Haffey     Co-editors of Diplomacy 
\par 664 Smith St.                                           810 }{\b\fs8 - }{\b\fs24 53rd Ave.\tab 
\par Providence, RI 02908                             Oakland, CA 94601
\par 
\par }{\b\fs22 Dear }{\b\fs24 Jim and Tim:
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl242\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx8202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 My printed copy of DIPLOMACY WORLD #89 finally arrived here on Monday, June 21st.  Called the \'93Spring 2004\'94
 issue, it actually arrived on the first day of Summer.  I presume that most of the printed issues arrived about the same time}{\b\fs16 . }{\b\fs24 
It's obvious that this issue was supposed to have arrived no later than April, since it devotes an inordinate amount of space to the 2004 DipCon, which was held in Portland, Oregon on April 23-25th.  
As a former publisher myself, I have no idea as to why the printed issue of D.W. took so long to arrive. the supposed deadline for material for the next issue is shown as \'93June 1, 2004."}{\b\fs16  }{\b\fs24 
Perhaps in your next issue, you can show different dates for future issues, and maybe an apology for the lateness of #89.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote s Note:  First let me apologize right now for the lateness of the \'93Spring Issue\'94.  The copy, which I admit was in the rough, left my computer, via email, on March 1, 2004, Stephen and Jim complai
ned that it had not been proofread well enough.  I thought that was what they wanted to do.  Then there was a big to do about format.  I sent the first issue out in Windows Works, wps, txt and html (for the website) and they, Stephen primarily, was not ha
ppy with that.  He wanted PDF.  I don\rquote t have a PDF creator.  We finally agreed on rtf format which he can easily convert to pdf and everyone was happy.
\par 
\par In addition to the format issue and the proofreading issue, Stephen said he did not have a lot of time t
o proofread the copy because he spent so much time on the train commuting to work.  Something like two hours each way.  Poor guy.  I only have to commute from my bed to my computer in the next room.  Truth be known, I do not know much about how the printe
d issue is handled.  So, I don\rquote 
t know what happened with this side of the business.  But, Fred, in all fairness to everyone involved, including me, Tim Haffey, we are all volunteers and do this in our spare time when we can find some.  So, considering that 
the last issue, before the Spring 2004, issue was two years ago, I submit we did pretty well for starting up again.  Much of the rough spots have been ironed out now and should not be a problem from now on. }{\b\fs24  }{\i\fs24 
((Agreed, I am now doing the proofreading, though I also have a long commute, I\rquote 
m not sure that issue with Stephen is all that relevant.  David Partridge is still doing the postal mailouts, and he requires the PDF version that, as stated, we now all produce from the rtf. We\rquote re all happy to have Tim on b
oard and working, and I like proofreading, so I think Fred\rquote s comments will not be necessary in the future))}{\b\fs24  }{\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote s Note Concluded.}{\b\fs24 
\par 
\par This letter will consist of two parts. The first part will be a discussion of }{\b\i\fs24 D.W. }{\b\fs24 as }{\b\fs22 a }{\b\fs24 whole. The second part will be comments and corrections on my article }{\b\fs22 on }{\b\fs24 the new board game, \'93
Imperialism" starting on Pg. 18, which I sent to you last February.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\ul Part I}{\b\fs24 :
\par 
\par To start, it was a good idea to reprint the cover from the old Avalon Hill Diplomacy box for your cover, since virtually all readers will recognize this for what it is. Too bad this couldn\rquote 
t have been done by photocopy, as the electronic copy is not a very good one.  Question? Isn\rquote t it strange that after all these years, no one has pointed out that the French and Turkish players are in the }{\b\fs24\ul wrong}{\b\fs24  p}{\b\fs24\ul 
lace}{\b\fs24  around the board?  Perhaps the original was drawn this way so as not to have to shown a face for the Turk, but he belongs between Italy and Austria. And France belongs between England and Italy.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote s Note:  Perhaps the countries were arranged this way to discourage obvious alliances by not having them sit side by side.  Editor\rquote s Note Concluded}{\b\fs24 .
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl237\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx8202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 Personally. I never liked this cover.  As I said somewhere over 10 years ago, if I had not known about Diplomacy, I would never 
have bought a copy based on this cover.  To me, it looks stupid.  Certainly not aimed at adult boardgamers.  I much preferred the earlier covers, which gave some idea of what the game was about. 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote s Note:  I do not know anything about how the cover from the printed issue was made so I really can\rquote t say anything about it, except to say I like the cover.  Editor\rquote s Note concluded. 
\par }{\b\fs24 
\par I hope there will be no problem with copyright violations in printing this cover without any reference to Avalon Hill or Ha
sbro.  I know that both companies have been most generous in allowing us to reproduce maps and rules from their respective editions of the game, }{\b\fs22 so }{\b\fs24 I presume there won't }{\b\fs22 be any }{\b\fs24 
problems here. But, perhaps, some comment could have been made inside for the benefit of novices that }{\b\fs22 this was on the }{\b\fs24 cover of one of the Avalon Hill editions of the game.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl242\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx8202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 
Next, I note that there is no mention of a forthcoming PlayersCon at the Hunt Valley Inn near Baltimore, Md. for this summer. As far as I know, there will be such a Con coming up at the end of July, although I haven\rquote 
t received any official notice of same yet. This is the event formerly called \'93AvalonCon,\'94 when A-H owned the copyright to Diplomacy and so many other board games, but was changed to \'93PlayersCon\'94 about 
two years ago, after the games were sold to Hasbro. I understand that the effort to hold the Diplomacy Tournament and some other multi-player, multi-round games one week ahead of the main PlayersCon lst year was not successful. Not too many people showed 
up for those games, so this year I\rquote ve been told that all of the game tournaments will be held at the same time.  If you want, I\rquote ll try to contact the PlayersCon people for more information, but I\rquote 
m sure this Tournament will be over before the next issue of }{\b\i\fs24 D.W.}{\b\fs24  appears.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote 
s Note:  I looked all over the internet and made a bunch of telephone calls/emails to find out about every DipCon I could.  I never heard even a hint of anything called PlayersCon.  If I had, I would have included it.  So, Fred, if yo
u can find something out about it, let me know.  But, you are right, it will be too late to make this edition and the next edition will be too late for the convention. }{\i\fs24 
((Tim is not as aware of the national (and international) FTF hobby as I am, but let me 
assure both of you that it will be covered, and covered extensively, in the future.  Contingent on space and the final distribution schedule we may well be able to get that announcement to you in this issue, let\rquote 
s see how it looks when I get the final proofing done.  BUT, both of you could help each other if we got our terms and Convention definitions straight.  First off, the Hunt Valley Inn convention (known colloquially as \'93DonCon\'94
 after its organizer Don Greenwood) is not PlayersCon, but the World Board
gaming Championships.  And the Diplomacy Convention, now organized by the PitKissers, is the Tempest in a Teapot.  Moreover, it is not the end of July, but the first full weekend in August.  Everyone have that all straight now?  The FTF hobby is taking of
f, with conventions happening ALL the time, in ALL parts of the country, at ALL times of the year.))}{\b\i\fs24   Editor\rquote s Note concluded.
\par }{\b\fs24 
\par Here are a couple of suggestions for future issues of }{\b\i\fs24 D.W.}{\b\fs24   You may want to contact Phil Reynolds to see if he is planning to iss
ue another copy of the ZINE REGISTER soon.  I know he was ill for awhile, but he recently sent out messages to the effect that his own Zine, ISHKIBIBBLE, would be resuming shortly.   So, he may be planning to issue ZINE REGISTER as well.  His address:  28
96 Oak St., Sarasota, Fl., 34237-7344. 
\par }{\fs24 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\sl242\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx8202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {Editor\rquote 
s Note:  I will send a letter to Phil and see what he is doing these days.  }{\b0 ((Phil is NOT doing this, but stay tuned, as ZR rebirth is imminent.))}{ Editor\rquote s Note concluded.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl237\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 You may also want to see if anyone w
ants to prepare a new Hobby Census. The ones on file are very old. Any new Census should include both postal and electronic players. I know that somebody was going to prepare a new Census a couple of years ago, but efforts ended due to lack of enthusiasm 
from the hobby. A call for such an }{\b\fs22 effort in }{\b\fs24 the pages of }{\b\i\fs24 D.W. }{\b\fs24 might help.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl242\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx8202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote 
s Note:  Well, guys?  Is anyone interested in doing a census of the Diplomacy Hobby?  Fred, if you will send me a copy of one of the old census forms, I will update it and se
e if we can get some response ourselves.  Can you send me one?  Can anyone send me one.  Email to }{\field{\*\fldinst {\b\i\fs24  HYPERLINK "mailto:diplomacyworld@aol.com" }{\b\i\fs24 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000017000000170000006400690070006c006f006d0061006300790077006f0072006c006400400061006f006c002e0063006f006d000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b3c0000006d00610069006c0074006f003a006400690070006c006f006d00610063007900
77006f0072006c006400400061006f006c002e0063006f006d000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs16\b\i\fs24\ul\cf2 diplomacyworld@aol.com}}}{\b\i\fs24  or mail to Tim Haffey, 810 53}{\b\i\fs24\super rd}{\b\i\fs24  Ave., Oakland, CA. 94601. }{\b\fs24  }{\i\fs24 
((I would recommend talking to Tom Howell as well (Boardman and Miller Custodian) since I think he\rquote 
s very close to an announcement about a Census as well, for both games and people.  I know I can be busy and slow to respond sometimes, but I usually hear about all that is going on, so ask me\'85))}{\b\fs24  }{\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote s Note concluded.

\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl237\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx0\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 
Also, you did not show my request that my backup of the former North American Variant Bank was still in existence.  While the original NAVB and the UKVB were merged two years ago under the aegis of Stephen }{\b\fs22 Agar, I wrote 
to Jim Burgess to advise that I still maintained a file }{\b\fs24 of }{\b\fs22 about }{\b\fs24 
200 Dip variants, including all of my own  designs, and that a catalog of what I have on file was available.  I felt that some people would not want to write to England for copies of variants
, so they could obtain them from me. Or, at least, look at my Catalog to see what I have in stock. Copies of this Catalog are available for $1.00. Please put an entry to that effect into the next issue of }{\b\i\fs24 DW}{\b\fs24 .
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl242\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx4680\tx8202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote s Note:  Consider it done. }{\b\fs24  }{\i\fs24 ((Sorry about that, I did get Fred\rquote s note, but I know I\rquote 
m not as quick as I should be about these sorts of responses.  Recall that is why we believe that Tim Haffey will be a more effective editor.))}{\b\fs24  }{\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote s Note concluded.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 
\par I\rquote d also like to know whether copies of }{\b\i\fs24 DW}{\b\fs24  #89 have been sent to Hasbro and Eagle Games.  As}{\b\i\fs24  }{\b\fs24 the author of the review on Eagle Games\rquote  \'93Imperialism\'94
 game, I felt that they should receive a copy of my Review, but I did not send them one. If you have not done so, I\rquote ll make a photocopy of my article and send it to them.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote s Note:  Personally, I do not know if a copy of DW was sent to Eagle Games or Hasbro.  You would have to check with David.  Check the credits for his email address. }{\i\fs24 
((I would suggest that Fred still might want to send a photoco
py of the review to Eagle Games himself, so that they know he wrote it and have his contact information.  Hasbro is difficult to communicate with about Diplomacy these days.  It is regrettable, but true since their effort with the Microprose deal failed.)
)}{\b\i\fs24    Editor\rquote s Note concluded}{\b\fs24 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl237\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 
\par Re: }{\b\fs24\ul Subs to D.W}{\b\fs24 .  I know that a previous Editor of }{\b\i\fs24 D.W.}{\b\fs24  said that I\rquote d receive a lifetime sub to the sine with no further charges.  However, I would like to assist in the financial success of }{\b\i\fs24 
D.W.}{\b\fs24 , so I\rquote ll include a check for $12.00 with this letter, in the copy going to Jim Burgess. If you want to classify this as a \'93sub,\'94 you may forward it to David Partridge.  }{\b\fs22 I }{\b\fs24 hope that copies of }{\b\i\fs24 D.W.
}{\b\fs24  were sent to some of the former subbers to }{\b\i\fs24 D.W.}{\b\fs24 , and I hope this results in a lot of readers renewing their subs. Perhaps you can comment on this subject in a future issue.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-575\li575\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin575\itap0 {\b\fs24 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote s Note:  How about that Jim and David?  Do you think that is a do-able thing and is it a good idea?  Let us know. }{\i\fs24 
((Thank you for your sub/donation, we will consult on this and I will continue to publicize D.W. in my szine TAP.))}{\b\i\fs24  Editor\rquote s Note concluded
\par }\pard \ql \fi-575\li575\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx202\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin575\itap0 {\b\fs24 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx0\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\ul Part II:}{\b\fs24   "Imperialism" game, starting with Pg. 18:
\par 
\par Typographical errors first.  Perhaps you can correct some master copies, and I've corrected my own personal copies for the files.
\par 
\par Page 19, line 4:  "Imperialism" misspelled.  7th para, line 2:  "ought" misspelled.
\par     Page 20, 2nd para., line 7:  Add \'93s\'94 to player, drop comma.
\par     Page 21, 7th para, last line:  \'93they\'94 misspelled.
\par     Page 22, Addenda:  Ireland not shown in Europe column.
\par                                     }{\b\i\fs24 \'939\'94 }{\b\fs24 missing from Islam column.
\par     Page }{\b\i\fs24 23:  "}{\b\fs24 Board}{\b\i\fs24  }{\b\fs24 I}{\b\i\fs24 " }{\b\fs24 is not underscored. Add \'93South Indian Ocean\'94 & \'93Roaring 
\par                      40's" to Board IL 
\par    Page 24: \'93Timor Sea\'94 and \'93Corel Sea\'94 misspelled.
\par \tab               \'93See additional correction below, Pg. }{\b\i\fs24 3.
\par                   }{\b\fs24 \'93(Part of Cape of Good Hope\'94should also be up there, below East Indian 
\par                  Ocean.
\par                   parenthetical line. See below Pg. 3}{\b\fs16 .
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl226\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx10855\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 Additional correction to Page 24: Delete \'93South Indian Ocean\'94 & \'93Roaring 40\rquote s\'94 from Board III list of sea spaces.  Move \'93
(Part of Cape of Good Hope sea space touches S. Indian Ocean\'94 up to below East Indian Ocean parenthetical line.)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx0\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 
\par I also note that you did not include the commen
ts on how to use the Stock Market Tables to determine dice throws. This was sent to you after the main article, when I came across it by accident when looking for something else. You may want to add this to the next issue, if anyone is interested in this 
game. Perhaps it never got associated with the main article.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote s Note:  I did not see the comments on the Stock Market thing.  Send it to me again, directly, and I will do a separate article on it, maybe. }{\i\fs24 ((I\rquote m sorry about the missing Stock Market Tab
le, which might well have been my oversight, and to the extent that we didn\rquote 
t proofread the review closely enough.  This issue should be much better on the proofreading front, and if any errors remain, they are entirely my fault as I was the last pair of e
yes on it.   Since the Postal issues already have gone in the mail, I think we will meet our obligations by publishing this errata note, rather than trying to go back and correct the original.  Apologies again for the errors from me and Tim as a lesson fo
r
 the future.  Let me say in general about the Stock Market, the Wall Street Journal, and other similar randomization ideas, that they can work well, but one must be careful to be absolutely precise about what table or number one is looking at and how the 
m
ethodology to produce the appropriate die roll will be used.  The general idea with all of these methods is that you take a number, published on a particular day, and use the decimal numbers, e.g. a number is 2375.42, you take the 42 as a good percentile 
die roll; and then adjust to whatever actual range of random numbers you want.  This allows people to know right away, as of the scheduled date, what the die roll was.  And then sometimes they can figure out the implication themselves.))}{\b\i\fs24 
 Editor\rquote s Note concluded
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx10855\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 Further comments on the possibility of having a Conference map, and on the naming of Sea spaces:  
\par 
\par Do you think anyone might want to draw up a Conference map for this game, as I suggested at the end of this article.  If anyone volunteers to do so, p
lease give me his name & address, and, ask him to send me a copy. If no one offers to do so, I'd try to make up a copy, but I\rquote m not a good artist.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote s Note:  Aw, go ahead Fred, you can do as well as any of us.  And send me a copy.  Thanks}{\b\fs24 .  }{\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote s Note concluded}{\b\fs24  
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl226\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx10855\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl237\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx10855\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\ul If}{\b\fs24 
 a copy of this is to be sent to Eagle Games, we may want to ask them whether anyone on their staff has drawn such a Conference map. No need to re-invent the wheel if someone else has already done so. If they have not done so, and we do 
prepare such a map, we ought to send a copy }{\b\fs26 to}{\b\i\fs26  }{\b\fs24 Eagle Games.
\par 
\par I wonder how they will react to the proposed names for the sea spaces.  If you receive any correspondence from them on this matter, please send me a copy.  I note my address is not shown in the \'93Imperialism\'94 article.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24 Editor\rquote s Note:  You did not say you wanted it shown and I did not take the liberty to do so.  However, please note, it is shown in this letter. }{\i\fs24 
((This is another reason why I think it would be best if Fred sent the review to Eagle Ga
mes himself, with all the errata corrected, and a note that it was published in DW #89 with errata corrections in DW #90.  At the same time, he can consult with them on a Conference Map.  I\rquote 
m not sure how they would feel about it on copyright or other grounds.  I will certainly pass any correspondence or information I see from the Internet or in a letter on to Fred and to you Tim, straightaway.  I thank you again Fred for your efforts.))}{
\b\i\fs24  Editor\rquote s Note concluded
\par }{\b\fs24 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\ql \li0\ri0\sl237\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx10855\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
It was nice to hear from Mark Berch again after all these years. I must drop him a line.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sl237\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx10855\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning28\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs24 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl226\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx10855\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24 Sorry for the length of this letter. I wish all of you the best of luck in the resumption of }{\b\i\fs24 D.W.}{\b\fs24 
\par                                                                          \tab \tab Best regards,
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx10855\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24                                                                                             Fred C. Davis, Jr.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl226\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx10855\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24                                                                                             (410) 461-1885
\par 
\par cc: Stephen Agar
\par 
\par Additional Copies to:
\par 
\par Allen B. Calhamer
\par Rodney C. Walker
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\nooverflow\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b 
\par }}